1. Integration with dB (Done) Next -> create ServiceImpl and DAO. Remove direct service call from controller.
2. Remove all the static reference from UI -> (Done)
3. Fix the UI to match with wireframe (Done)
4. Implement user login (Done)
5. Implement user profile (A recuriter can see only his/her jobs)) (Done)
6. Upgrade the Analysis page to v5 (Done in MVP 2)
7. Continerize spring Boot (Done)
8. Upload in render.
9. Integrate with Domain

Good To have feature before onboarding recuriter
-----
1. Add/Remove Jobs + candidates - Done in MVP 2
2. Restrict Number of Job to 3 and candidate 10 per job - Xingyu
3. Fix the pipeline and Risk Summary on dashboard (Done)
4. On the create job Extracted Skills Preview section should be populated - Done in MVP 2
5. CV upload option - Done in MVP 2
6. Cadidate report export option ("Do you want to download with question or separately",1 or 2 PDF ) - Done in MVP 2
7. job edit from dashboard or all job should take to create job page populating from DB - Done in MVP 2 
8. In the settings keep a update password and logout option
9. A loading popup when analysis button is pressed - Xingyu
10. If Analysis result already exist return that else call the analysis method
11. Create a simple landing page with the details of upcoming event and register event option
12. Email Integration
13. Connecting https://apify.com/ for linkedIn profile finding (or better option: AI-assisted 
search by using an LLM (like GPT-4o) to translate a user's natural language request 
into a structured JSON query that can be sent to standard LinkedIn Search API endpoints)
14. Implement Claude Co worker type feature
15. Job workflow - Opening date, number of candidate applied, number of candidate in what stage and closed job also.
16. Bulk import candidate (csv, json) can be without job
17. Video Interview
18. Messages


Recuriter onboarding can happen at this stage.
-----
1. Setup the subcription logic
2. Payment gateway integration
3. Integrate with Domain
4. Implement user registration - Name, email, Org(Future State/Currently only onboarded from backend)
5. Implement logging